Deprecate and replace `pfstBuiltin` and `psndBuiltin` (#894)
Plutonomicon/plutarch-plutus: CHANGELOG.md

* Bump `plutus-core` to 1.54.0.0
* `pif'` is now deprecated, as builtin casing on `Bool` outperforms it

> * `pheadBuiltin` and `ptailBuiltin` are now deprecated, as pattern matching on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `pfstBuiltin` and `psndBuiltin` are now deprecated, as pattern matching on
```
